Setting the deletion time so that a pod will not be reused in a dirty state (#47)
cybozu-go/github-actions-controller: docs/design.md

    for example, booting a couple of VMs needed in a job before the job is assigned.
- `running`: `Pod` is running. Registered in GitHub Actions.
- `debugging`: The job has finished with failure and Users can enter `Pod` to debug.

> - `stale`: If a runner restarts before completing a job, the environment above
>     the runner may be dirty. This metric is waiting for the Pod to be removed to
>     prevent Job execution with that stale Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stale`: The environment in the `Pod` is dirty. If a runner restarts before completing a job, the environment in the `Pod` may be dirty. This state means waiting for the Pod to be removed to prevent Job execution with that stale Pod.
```
